feat(lite/pool/VMs): ability to change the VMs power state (#6782)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: @xen-orchestra/lite/CHANGELOG.md

- Add a star icon near the pool master (PR [#6712](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6712))
- Display an error message if the data cannot be fetched (PR [#6525](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6525))
- Add "Under Construction" views (PR [#6673](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6673))

> - Ability to change the state of selected VMs in VMs list (PR [#6782](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6782))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Ability to change the state of selected VMs in Pool/VMs (PR [#6782](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6782))
```

Author: ```suggestion
- Ability to change the state of selected VMs from the VMs' pool list (PR [#6782](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6782))
```

> - Ability to change the state of selected VMs from the VMs' pool list (PR [#6782](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6782))

Author: ```suggestion
- Ability to change the state of selected VMs from the pool's list of VMs (PR [#6782](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6782))
```
